Okay, Sister Matthews, thank you.
We're so grateful to have the photo and heiress helping us out.
You know, I could have given you easier work.
No, Sister Matthews, I insist.
I know it's not cheap to hear a cleaner, especially with the orphanage running on a
deficit.
I need to take this real quick, it's my father.
Hello?
You know, watching walls at an orphanage, it's not a real job.
Stop spying on me, Dad.
Get a life.
I think it's time for you to return to the family business and marry your father.
Or I can get my own job at MG Corp.
Dad, we've been over this.
I mean, what is this?
The 15th century.
Family influence and arranged marriages are so overrated.
The last thing I need is a spoiled princess who I've never met hanging around my neck.
No, I don't want this.
I'm not marrying him.